README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/Gatsby-Monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby minimal starter
</h1>

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the minimal starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the minimal starter
    npm init gatsby
    ```

2.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd my-gatsby-site/
    npm run develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your site is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit `src/pages/index.js` to see your site update in real-time!

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)

Commit message:

Added more Pokemon, worked on styling, updated README file with instructions

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/Gatsby-Monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby minimal starter
</h1>

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Run the Gatsby site**

    Run the Gatsby site by switching to the folder and running the following command:

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the minimal starter
    gatsby develop
    ```

2.  **Navigating the site**

    Go to your local host and you will see the site. Simply click the links to navigate to different pages.

   

3.  **Navigating the PokeDex**

    To get to the PokeDex, simply click the 'All Pokemon' tab of the website.
    The PokeDex lists all the original 151 Pokemon in a list with their name and sprite.
    This is done in the 'gatsby-node.js' file
    To see more information on a particular Pokemon, click the sprite or their name, and you will be taken to a different page
    with stat information for that particular Pokemon.
    To go back to the previous page to look at more Pokemon, click the 'Back to all Pokemon' link under the stats.

    

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)
